we're here so that things can be better
for you and we're going to explore what
better means because that's in some
ways something you have to determine
conceivably in joint consultation with
me because we're trying to solve the
problem but you have to Define what
better is but that's what we're aiming
at we're aiming to make things better so
I'm on the side of you that wants things
to be better now we have to explore that
it's like well who are you who the hell
knows we might have to walk through your
whole life to find out who you are my
identity is just what I feel at the
moment it's like well then if that's
your decision and you're insisting that
I abide by that go find someone else to
tyrannize that's not what I'm here for
I'm here to help you explore the
complexities of your identity past
present and future so that your misery
can be amiliar